.TH oversea 1 "OverSea CLI man page"
.SH NAME
OverSea CLI

.SH SYNOPSIS
oversea [--version] [--help] [-l <log_level> | --log-level=<log_level>]
        [--log-file=<path>]
        <command> [<args>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
OverSea CLI is a command-line tool for running OverSea stages and visualizing
their execution progress.

Two modes are supported for visualizing a stage's execution progress.
.RS
.RE
.B 1) monitoring mode:
visualizes the execution progress of a OverSea stage triggered by a
.B salt-run
command issued in another terminal session; and
.RS
.RE
.B 2) stand-alone mode:
runs a OverSea stage while providing real-time visualization of its component
steps as they are executed.

.SH OPTIONS
.B --help
.RS
Shows the help message.

.RE
.B --version
.RS
Show installed OverSea version.

.RE
.B -l <log_level>, --log-level=<log_level>
.RS
Sets log level. Possible values are:
.B info
.B error
.B debug
.B silent

Defaults to:
.B info

.RE
.B --log-file=<path>
.RS
Sets the log file location.

Defaults to
.B /var/log/oversea.log

.SH COMMANDS
.B monitor
.RS
Starts the stage execution monitor. See
.BR oversea-monitor(1)

.RE
.B stage run
.RS
Runs a OverSea stage and shows its execution progress. See
.BR oversea-stage-run(1)

.RE
.B stage dry-run
.RS
Shows the execution steps of a OverSea stage. See
.BR oversea-stage-show(1)

.RE
.B salt-run state.orch
.RS
.B stage run
alias.
.RE
.RS
Runs a OverSea stage and shows its execution progress. See
.BR oversea-stage-run(1)

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR oversea-commands(1)
