.TH oversea 7
.SH NAME
oversea minions
.SH DESCRIPTION
For compatibility with other Salt solutions,
.B OverSea
uses
.I oversea_minions,
which constrains the targeting of Salt minions.
By default OverSea targets by grain using 'G@oversea'. For more information on salt targeting, check the
.B SEE ALSO
section.
.SH METHODS
Either reconfigure
.I oversea_minions
to use any valid Salt target or apply grains to the desired minions.  For example,
.PP
.RS 4
oversea_minions: '*'
.RE
.PP
will target all Salt minions.  Likewise,
.PP
.RS 4
oversea_minions: 'ses*'
.RE
.PP
will only target minions that begin with
.B ses.
.PP
Alternatively, apply a grain to each minion and use the default oversea_minions of
.B G@oversea:*.
For example,
.PP
.RS 4
salt -L node1.domain,node2.domain grains.append oversea default
salt -S 10.0.0.0/24 grains.append oversea default
.RE
.PP
will target the minions node1.domain and node2.domain in addition to all minions in the subnet 10.0.0.0/24.  Grain selection works well in environments where Salt is installed on minions that follow no simple pattern.
.PP
To remove a grain completely from a minion, run
.PP
.RS 4
salt 'xyz.domain' grains.delval oversea destructive=True
.RE
.PP
For more information on Salt grains see https://docs.saltstack.com/en/latest/topics/grains/

.SH FILES
The file for
.I oversea_minions
is /srv/pillar/ceph/oversea_minions.sls.
.SH SEE ALSO
.UR https://docs.saltstack.com/en/latest/topics/targeting/
.UE
.SH AUTHORS
Eric Jackson <ejackson@suse.com>
.RS
.RE
Jan Fajerski <jfajerski@suse.com>
